# Finding Help in Bash

When working with Bash scripts, knowing how to find help for commands and understanding different types of commands is essential for efficient script development and troubleshooting.

## Finding Help

There are several methods to find help for commands in Bash:

- **Using the `man` Command**: The `man` command displays the manual page for a given command.

- **Using the `help` Command**: The `help` command provides help information for shell built-in commands.

- **Using the `info` Command**: The `info` command displays detailed information (info page) for a given command.

### Types of Commands

Commands in Bash can be categorized into two main types:

1. **Internal Commands**: These are commands built into the shell itself, such as `echo`.

2. **External Commands**: These are commands that are not built into the shell and typically reside in separate executable files, such as `ls`

### Determining Command Types

To determine the type of a command, you can use the `type` command:

```bash
type -a echo # echo is a shell builtin
```

The `-a` option displays all information about the command, including its type.

### Using the `help` Command

The `help` command is specifically designed to provide help information for `shell built-in commands`. Here are some useful options:

- `help <command>`: Display help information for the specified command.
- `help -d <command>`: Display the short description of the command.
- `help -s <command>`: Display the syntax of the command.

### Using the `man` Command

The `man` command is used to display the manual page for `external commands`. It offers several options:

- `man <command>`: Display the manual page for the specified command.
- `man -k <keyword>`: Search for manual pages containing the specified keyword.
- `man -K <keyword>`: Display the manual page for the specified keyword (more detailed).

### Using the `info` Command

The `info` command provides detailed information (info page) for `external commands`. Here are some options:

- `info <command>`: Display the info page for the specified command.
- `info -d <command>`: Display the short description of the command.
- `info -s <command>`: Display the syntax of the command.
- `info -k <keyword>`: Search for info pages containing the specified keyword.
